Adding support for .txt files in `canopy upsert` (#157)
pinecone-io/canopy: README.md

```
> [This notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/pinecone-io/examples/blob/master/learn/generation/canopy/00-canopy-data-prep.ipynb) shows how you create a dataset in this format.

> Additionally, you can load plaintext data files in `.txt` format. In this case, each file will be treated as a single document. The document id will be the filename, and the source will be the full path of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can load plain text data files in `.txt` format. In this case, each file will be treated as a single document. The document id will be the filename, and the source will be the full path of the file.
```
